#TheDurant
## Strange Happenings
- Abbas steals a "lab finding" notebook for Calliope to triangulate the location of Professor Wright
- We feel "peppy", is that related to the soul link? Are we invincible??
- Rumors of other sarcophagi being taking up the **canal**
- A wing of the **Grand Library** was sold, why?
	- The Library requires a signet ring to enter
	- No taking of books
- **Jamal** - fixer associate of Vincent. Contact him at his mom's house (don't drag his mama into this)
- Larsa has been painting large abstract symbols on the walls

## The World Famous Floating Market
- Big tourist area on the west edge, industrial area on the east
- Calliope found an interesting boat, "**Wright Side Up**", marine salvage. 
	- Doing something possibly difficult for a crew of teens. 
	- The steamcore seems to be way bigger than a boat this size would need.
- Abbas has been gathering rumors and exploring ((sorry -- I forgot to write down any discoveries from this))
- Vincent explores the office of **Douglas Voss**, which shows signs of incursion and swift evacuation.
	- Something important was taken out of the desk drawer
	- The "**Durant**" has been missing and the last cargo/client was suspiciously unspecified.
- Hyrax attempted to use the douser to find signs of reapers, but the only clue was possibly pointing to something out in the water. 
	- Befriends a Caspian Seal via a Connection ritual, with the goal to see through its eyes to find more information about what's out in the water