#Larsa #CrimsonCabal #Library
## Looting
Calliope discovered several arcane devices
- Lightning sensor 
- Large circular hammered brass shield? plate? long distance dousing device? with glyph patterns
- 3 jars of viscous liquid (mercury?)
-  Handheld box holding a small dish, 3 bird bones (reaper dousing device?)
- Canopic jars with cracks DIY repaired, snake motif, long and skinny (different than Larsa's) surrounded by many gauges that are all in the red zone

Abbas discovered a log book
* Spring 166 - dig started
* Summer 166 - prisoners brought over
* (now is Summer 167)

## Dry Storm
* Not your typical sandstorm, not "natural"
* Canopic jars with gauges predict the storm, we find out later that they are used to tell the overseers when to pause work because a Sarcopho-rock has been moved
* Larsa tried something as the storm approached, but collapsed and 6 of the tethered people died
* Electrical effects increase as the storm rages: hair standing on end, an energy in the air
* In the Eye of the Storm, Hyrax feels static electricity through her feet. An audible *thrum* and characters appear in the sand "Soul vessels are forbidden"
* 3 figures rise out of the sand with lightning daggers, we learn later that they are "constructs of The Will", not souls. They advance, Hyrax drops the lion soul vessel and they are distracted by it. One of the souls disappears from the vessel, the other two remain.
* Larsa appears to have an argument with the voices of the storm, but it's in a language no one understands. "I make the rules!"
* Voices of the storm declare the the players "REALNAME you are recognised as an agent of the reaper Larsa". Everyone else has to be disconnected within an hour.

## Storm recovery
* Cyanide guy info dumps in an attempt to spare his life:
	* Works for the Cabal
	* This is only one of many dig projects. There's another under the Great Library, one north of the city, and maybe a few others.
	* The Observatory is closed to the public.
	* The storm appears with they move a sarcopho-rock. Then they are sent to Ardakan, and as far as he knows they're never seen again (not sure if I got this right)
* Larsa
	* arcane = the Will
	* She gains sustenance through the Aenir
	* Needs rest and a place to hide
	* Convince her hunter that she does not need to be hunted
* Vincent creates a story for the remaining prisoners to spread: that the mine exploded, destroying everything inside (including whatever they were looking for). Then prisoners revolt and take control of the camp.
* Calliope pours the mercury into the bowl and Hyrax places the bird bones (with a drop of her blood on one) in the bowl. They point to Larsa when they are within 20ft. So we either need to hide her far enough away that she can't be tracked, or we need to ward her from detection.

## Exodus
* Calliope and Abbas detonate some explosives to make the story plausible.
* Hyrax experiments with warding spells, discovers that rituals used to help souls move on can obscure Larsa's location. 
* Vincent grills the prisoners on their collective story so that hopefully no one will come looking for Larsa.
* The caravan of players, Larsa, and prisoners return to Ardakan